Bloodstryke.
you're still alive.
Good.
I have use of you.
["Rollin'"
♪ Your… your… your hands up ♪
♪ Throw your hands up
Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Move in. now move out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in. now breathe out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin'. rollin'
Rollin'. rollin' ♪
♪ Hey. ladies. hey. fellas ♪
♪ And the people that
don't give a ♪♪♪♪ ♪
♪ All the lovers.
all the haters ♪
♪ And all the people That
call themselves players ♪
♪ Hot mommas. pimp daddies ♪
♪ And the people
rollin' up in Caddies ♪
♪ Hey. rockers. hip-hoppers ♪
♪ And everybody all
around the world ♪
♪ Move in. now move out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in. now breathe out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up Tell me
what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin' Rollin'.
rollin'. rollin' ♪
Do you always do this
after your missions?
Usually when I kill
a demon. I just…
I don't know. leave them there.
I know. How do you think all those
bodies stay hidden from the public?
Huh.
Jesus.
What are we doing here. sir?
Lay the bodies face
up. weapons in hand.
We need to have the media's front
page photo waiting for them.
So. what are you planning
to do with that amulet?
Carry it around in your pocket?
That depends on whether
you're gonna try to take it.
I'm not.
You're gonna give it to me.
Aren't we past all this?
We fought an army
together. sorta.
I saved your life three times.
- Twice.
- Two and a half.
The White Rabbit won't be
the last to come after that.
You really think
you can protect it?
I'm the only one
that can protect it.
Who else do you trust
with it? That guy?
Yes. Baines is willing to do what's
necessary to protect this realm.
Seems to me like he hasn't
actually done anything.
Besides giving orders that ended
with a whole lot of you dead.
Which he doesn't look
too torn up about.
You don't know him.
He's hard because he has to be.
But he cares about…
his people.
Mr. Vice President. sir. Not to ask
questions above my pay grade here.
but what are these things?
What did this to them?
What they are will be
revealed soon enough.
As for what did this…
She did.
That girl?
More of a
trained attack dog.
Brimming with anger and violence
that serve their purpose.
Though sometimes she
must be brought to heel.
If you don't want to give
me that amulet. fine.
I say one word.
and the soldiers
you're surrounded by
blow your brains right
through that fucking haircut.
Yeah. because it worked so well the
last time you sent 50 guys at me.
Then I'll do it myself.
I'm feeling it between you two.
Do I sense a former prisoner-captor
romance vibe happening here?
Out of the two prisoners. I
can't believe you went with him.
I kid. I kid.
Listen. Dante.
If it's about a job.
my prices have tripled.
So you're still
taking jobs from me?
Yeah. why not?
I can always count on you to sell me out
for the slightest bit of personal gain.
Hard to find someone
that reliable.
That's great to hear.
I was talking to a few of these
government types on the ride over here
about a sweet demon-killing...
Lieutenant Arkham.
Where is Sparda's sword?
The Rabbit took it with
him into the river. sir.
Failing to secure
your objectives…
That disappointment
I could accept.
But you have caused me to
doubt your devotion. Mary.
I know. My team was killed because
I led them into the Rabbit's trap.
- Whatever reprimand you deem fit...
- This isn't about your team.
They served the
purpose God intended.
Our fight is for
humanity's souls.
Every vessel is expendable.
The amulet.
Tell me you at
least secured that.
The Rabbit took the
amulet with him too.
If you guys could drop it by my place
when you find it. that'd be great.
You remember where.
Is that what happened?
I was poisoned. Paralyzed.
From my position.
it was hard to see.
It doesn't matter. The Lord
will provide what we need.
We didn't go looking for
this war. but it's here.
You're running a whole paramilitary
operation to hunt and kill demons.
I think you looked
for it pretty hard.
I told you. Dante. that you may have
a chance to earn your redemption.
This is your war too. by blood.
You need to choose a side.
I'm not much of a war guy.
Call when you piss off an
actually powerful demon
and make things even worse.
Sure it won't be too long.
All units. on target.
You can't have thought that
someone with your power
would be allowed
to just walk free.
- Lieutenant. take the demon into custody.
- Sir...
That was what an
order sounds like.
Fire! Fire on the new target!
Holy macaroni!
What is that thing?
Those tubes in his body!
Yeah. it's the Rabbit.
How?
Whatever the recommended dose is for
'roiding yourself up with demon blood.
I think he just drastically
fucking exceeded it.
Hey! Down here!
Hey. Enzo. that guy
looks kind of dangerous.
You might want to
get somewhere safe.
Ha. so reliable.
Where are those anti-demon
bullets you keep shooting me with?
These are anti-demon bullets.
His DNA must still be too
human to detonate them.
Or we haven't tried
shooting him enough yet.
Okay. it's a DNA thing!
It might take me more than
one punch to beat him now.
All his demon blood runs through a
valve from that thing on his chest.
We have to shoot the valve
and cut off the power supply.
Eh. Think the gun you
gave me was defective.
You're not getting another one.
Lady!
How do you manage to get even
uglier each time I see you?
It's actually impressive.
Give me… the amulet!
Think. Enzo. Think!
Not as easy
as it looks. is it?
Turning into a demon.
I don't think your body
can take this for long.
It just needs to be long enough!
Hey!
Ugly rabbit freak!
I've got your gateway
to Hell right here!
No!
Should have been hiding in a
hole like the vermin you are.
Enzo. why
did you do that?
You see?
I told you I
would take a blade for you.
Enzo…
That's all I needed.
Hellblood! Let's go!
Finally…
The Sword of Sparda…
in its true form.
Look at it.
This spectacle of prosperity. built
on the misery of an unseen world.
It ends the moment I let this blade
touch the blood of Sparda's entire line.
The entire line?
You need the blood
of the entire line?
Why didn't you say that before? We
could have just skipped all of this.
See. that would mean
you also need...
Blood from Vergil.
How did you…
Vergil is…
Dead?
No. Dante. Your other
half is very much alive.
That's impossible.
I… I watched him die.
Oh. did you?
Tell me.
How does it feel to be
reunited with your brother?
You see now the totality
of your failure.
Watching your world end around you
as you die on your father's sword.
dipped in the blood of the
twin brother you abandoned.
Motherfucker!
Chamber still works.
One shot.
All that inherited power.
and it still wasn't
enough to stop me!
Jackpot.
You shouldn't have
told me about Vergil.
I have to live for him!
Hmm.
You believe you're on one side.
The right one.
But you're wrong.
Eventually. you'll realize
you are welcomed by no one.
An unlovable orphan.
This time…
He's definitely fucking
dead this time… right?
Definitely.
Enzo?
He seemed like a good guy.
For a scumbag.
He was.
I think the Rabbit
might have had a point.
Not about letting demons ravage
the world and kill everybody.
But the other stuff.
Well. at least the
world's still here.
Don't sound too happy about it.
You know me. I'm always happy.
Right.
Your jokes are a
weak-shit cover.
I've seen you in moments when
you think no one's looking.
Did you do demon psychoanalysis
classes at DARKCOM or something?
No.
I've just had to watch everyone I've
ever cared about die in front of me.
Me too.
Or maybe I didn't.
The Rabbit told me…
He said my brother
is still alive.
You think it was true?
No idea.
Knowing there's even a chance.
I have to go out there
to try to find him.
You. uh… You could come
with me if you want.
We could do an odd
couple buddy cop thing.
Riggs and Murtaugh.
Tango and Cash.
- Dante and Lady.
- You know my name is Mary.
Yeah. I
like Lady better.
Lady and Dante.
Not Dante and Lady.
Eh. we'll work on it.
I still have to bring you in.
Baines was right.
With what your blood can do.
it's too dangerous to have either
you or that sword out in the world.
I'm sorry.
What now?
I presume this is the
White Rabbit's device.
The one that can detect and
hold open rifts between worlds.
A hunk of pieced-together scrap.
Mr. Vice President.
sir. Good to see you.
After the amulet heist.
I knew there must be a leak.
My agents have had the DARKCOM
building under surveillance.
Every room. every call.
I didn't have a choice.
He was watching my daughters.
If I didn't do what he
said. he would have…
So. you agreed to help
him unleash Hell on Earth.
You think Hell on Earth would be
that different from my life now?
I did what I had to
do to protect my kids.
This world ain't ever
give a damn about us.
Even I. for much of my life.
could not comprehend
his true plan.
God has never asked us to sit idly
by and await his kingdom on Earth.
but to build it ourselves.
This device. what did the
Rabbit want you to do with it?
He told me…
He told me to destroy it.
He wanted to keep his
tech out of human hands.
so we couldn't use
it against them.
Then the Devil is as
clever as his reputation.
We are going to use it. Anders.
To wage the final war
against Hell itself.
You really are out
of your goddamn mind.
You think you can
win a war with Hell?
My faith in the
Lord is absolute.
I fell from an aircraft with
nothing. and still. he saved me.
Let's see if the Devil
does the same for you.
Scramble the jets
on my position.
Operation Inferno has started.
♪ Don't wanna be
an American idiot ♪
♪ Don't want a nation
Under the new media ♪
♪ And can you hear the
sound of hysteria ♪
♪ The subliminal
mindfuck America ♪
♪ Welcome to a new
kind of tension ♪
♪ All across the alienation ♪
♪ Where everything
isn't Meant to be okay ♪
♪ Television dreams
of tomorrow ♪
♪ We're not the ones
Who're meant to follow ♪
♪ For that's enough to argue ♪
♪ Now everybody do
the propaganda ♪
♪ And sing along to
the age of paranoia ♪
My fellow Americans.
What I am about to tell you
is going to sound shocking.
Even unbelievable.
But as your president.
it is my duty not to
conceal these hard truths.
but to lay them before you
so we may confront them
together as a nation.
The truth is.
Hell is real.
Demons are real.
Our King Mundus
grants you your freedom.
Show him gratitude.
It was Mundus who freed
me from my own bondage.
The sapiens and their armies
aren't aware of the
storm they ride into.
I am that storm.
♪ I am the storm that is approaching ♪
♪ Provoking ♪
♪ Black clouds in isolation ♪
♪ I am reclaimer of my name ♪
♪ Born in flames ♪
♪ I have been blessed ♪
♪ My family crest is
a demon of death ♪
♪ Beyond the tree ♪
♪ Fire burns ♪
IN MEMORY OF KEVIN
CONROY
♪ Secret love ♪
♪ Bloodline yearns ♪